### Homework 002
### David Babers
### ISTA 220:  Programming fundamentals in C#
### Charles Carter
### January 15, 2020

1. What is a *local variable?*

* **Variables that exist only in a method or another small section of code**

2. What is a *statement?*

* **A command that performs an action, such as calculating a value and storing the result or displaying a message to a user (statements is a single line of code that ends in a semicolon.)**

3. What is an *identifier?*

* **Names that you use to identify the elements in your programs, such as namespaces, classes, methods, and variables.**

4. What is a *variable*

* **An storage location that holds a value. **

5. What is a *method?*

* **An code block that contains a series of statements**

6. Are primitive types and value types the same thing? This is not in the book.

* **No they are not the same. primitive types are objects in C#. While value types are value type variables which derived from the Value Type class and inherits from System.Object class. **

7. How are arithmetic operators and variable types related?

* **They are math operators**

8. How do you turn an integer into a string?

* **int num = 299;
    s = num.ToString();

    Console.WriteLine("string = "+s);**
    Console.ReadLine();

9. How do you turn a string into an integer?

* **Parse() method / Convert class / TryParse() method**

10. What is the difference between precedence and associativity? Give an example where this makes a difference.

* **Operator precedence determines which operator is performed first in an expression with more than one operators with different precedence. Operators Associativity is used when two operators of same precedence appear in an expression. Associativity can be either Left to Right or Right to Left**

11. What is the *definite assignment rule?*

* **A rule saying that very variable must have a value before it is read.**

12. How are the prefix and postfix increment and decrement operators evaluated differently?

* **the returned value of a prefix takes place after the increment. While the returned value of a postfix takes place before the increment. **

13. What is *string interpolation?*

* **It is used to format and manipulate strings **

14. What does the *var* keyword do?

* **It tells the compiler to figure out the type of the variable at the compilation time.**
